---
title: "Migrating to a Fresh ComfyUI Install"
---
# Migrating to a Fresh ComfyUI Install  
### Introduction  
The ComfyUI install folder can get bloated with the install of custom nodes, models, Python packages that are no longer in use. I wanted to migrate my ComfyUI install to a fresh install and upgrade Python and PyTorch versions in my virtual environment at the same time. The fresh install of ComfyUI was done with the following software versions:
* Python: 3.12.11
* ComfyUI: 0.10.0
* PyTorch: 2.9.1+cu130

### Fresh Install Procedure  
This procedure assumes the Windows 11 operating system, git and uv have been installed. 

1. Rename old ComfyUI install folder
2. Clone the latest version of ComfyUI: `git clone https://github.com/Comfy-Org/ComfyUI.git`
3. Change into the ComfyUI directory: `cd ComfyUI`
4. Create UV virtual environment: `uv venv --seed` (the --seed flag installs pip)
5. Activate Virtual Environment: `.venv\Scripts\activate` 
6. Install Torch: `pip install torch==2.9.1 torchvision==0.24.1 torchaudio==2.9.1 --index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu130` (Check torch version for ComfyUI install, it will get overwritten with CPU version if not compatible with the rest of the packages)
7. Install ComfyUI requirements: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
8. Install Triton for Windows: `pip install triton-windows`
9. Install Huggingface Xet storage backend support: 'pip install huggingface_hub[hf_xet]'
10. I am skipping sage attention as it gives errors with LTX-2
11. Change Directory: `cd custom_nodes`
12. Clone ComfyUI manager: `git clone https://github.com/Comfy-Org/ComfyUI-Manager.git`
13. Change Directory: `cd ComfyUI-Manager`
14. Install ComfyUI manager requirements: `pip install -r requirements.txt`


### Migration of Models and Workflows  
1. Copy models from old models directory
2. Copy workflows from old user\default\workflows directory

### First Launch  
1. Go back to base directory: `cd ..` (run twice)
2. Launch ComfyUI: `python main.py --auto-launch --reserve-vram 1`
3. Load workflows and install missing custom nodes, some common ones I use: ComfyUI-Custom-Scripts, ComfyUI-KJNodes, ComfyUI-VideoHelperSuite, ComfyMath
4. Restart ComfyUI and test workflows

### Pinning ComfyUI to the Windows 11 Taskbar  
1. Create a bat file to launch ComfyUI: `uv run main.py --auto-launch --reserve-vram 1`
2. Create a shortcut to the bat file and change target to: `C:\Windows\System32\cmd.exe /c "D:\ComfyUI\comfyui.bat"` (only executables can be pinned to task bar)
3. Assign icon to shortcut
3. Drag and drop shortcut to task bar

### Links  
1. woct0rdho (Triton and Sage Attention Windows): [link](https://github.com/woct0rdho/)
